## ENTRY_1
# Created by Azuhmier
# October 22, 2019
#-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------#
Static. Running this phrase through my mind right now, I see how much I loathe
it. Even as I type out this journal, I want to go back to my prior sentences and
re-read and re-write them. Is "re-read" really a word? Should I answer the prior
question with an internet search? (I opted not to use the phrase "google it",
since I no longer exclusively use Google for they censor sites like libgen.rus
and with them having a censoring paradigm that sources from a HR/PR standpoint
rather than a utilitarian one). Is my tone that of a pseudo-intellectual or an
edgy child? The prior were emotions and thoughts that everyone goes through;
however, unlike most people (or so I believe), I try to cope with my aversion to
static states and workflows with an obsession with those of dynamic nature. This
may sound like a rudimentary and pointless way of discussion ("I don't like A,
so I prefer its opposite B"), but let me explain: I like to do things fast and
efficient (or so I think), so I write notes and programs that have a lot of
short checks, identifiers, and interchangeable parts, so I can easily discard
them and improved them, in contrast to making them correct the first time. This
is of course not a good way to go about things and will probably come back to
haunt me in the future, and it already has: years of using the prior protocol
has made me a terrible planner and organizer, since I want to finish objective
in one session, I am never satisfied with my organization, and I prefer to skim
notes and stories multiple times rather than read them thoroughly once. Thus,
my first step in conquering this bad habit is writing a journal (yes this one),
one that I will rarely go back and modify, unless for simple spelling/grammar
mistakes. This journal will also help get thoughts out of my head and give
people who are interested an idea of the status and current objectives of my
current project.

This journal is going to act like some sort of work log/journal for my
'Catalogue of Tagged /hmofa/ Stories' and other /hmofa/ related projects. So
lets start off with a discussion on the current project that is on my mind:

  PROJECT NAME: Catalogue of Tagged /hmofa/ Stories (aka 'Project Urgent Furry')
  url:          https://pastebin.com/dBVB0h3f
  objective:    help readers find stories and increase writer exposure

One day, I'll write a giant report/documentation on 'Project Urgent Furry', but
for now I am just going to discusson whats on my mind about what needs to be
done next. So, after taking a little over a month off from tagging to learn Perl
at a beginners level, I now come back with the intention of spending about a
month improving my tagging methods and paradigms, before I return to improving
my scripts (this time I will continue to tag stories whilst completing the
prior objective). There are two types of tags in this project: those that help a
reader find the story, and those that help describe it once you find it; the two
are not mutually exclusive, and for the time being, I cannot separate them when
making a taglist. Right now I am working on creating a solid set of the prior
tags, the tags that help you find a story or "search tags". The search tags are,
at the moment, divided into two groups: discrete, such as sexual acts, anthro
characteristics, etc, while the other group is non-discrete, or abstract, such
as atmosphere, tone, pace, genre, etc. I will also be simultaneously trying to
test and improve these tags via a method akin to how John Romero designed the
game levels/stages in 'DOOM': start tagging stories with them and tweak them
until they feel right. Once I believe that all is well with the tags, I will use
them as a base to start the phase of integrating the "search tags" into my
scripts along their corresponding excel sheets to ensure I have a dynamic and
organized tagging structure. From there, I am going to push to the limits of
Excel, Vim, and my current knowledge of Perl, and once reached, I will start to
look into SQL, databases, and intermediate/advanced Perl topics.








